docs: improve readability of Policy API guide (#3203)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/security/policy-api/index.md

Based on this exception, the Policy API controllers will generate additional resources and make configuration changes to any tools which enforce the listed policies.

### Motivation / historical note

The Giant Swarm platform is built upon a number of independent tools, projects, and APIs supported by the CNCF and the surrounding Kubernetes ecosystem.
Among these are a number of capabilities designed for enforcing policies within a cluster. These include built-in types like Network Policies and RBAC, plus external CRDs like Kyverno Cluster Policies or Cilium Network Policies, among others.

> We use and manage tools we believe are the **"right tool for the job"** and add value for customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use and manage tools we believe are the "right tool for the job" and add value for customers.
```

Over time, however, the "right tool" may change.
It can be difficult to keep up with so many rapidly evolving projects. (Think of all the alpha or beta version APIs currently in production!) The simple reality is that many teams don't care what the tool is, as long as their needs are met.
By decoupling our customers' intent from the underlying tooling, we can automate much of the migration work needed to transition between policy implementations.

When Pod Security Policies were removed, for example, many workloads had to be re-evaluated and new exceptions created for them. This was needed even though neither the workload nor the inherent risk had changed.
Much effort was spent maintaining feature parity and avoiding security regressions as clusters upgraded to v1.25.

> Staying up to date is an important part of maintaining a system's security posture. But many organizations couldn't keep up with the PSP deprecation work, so they simply stopped enforcing Pod-level security policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staying up to date is an important part of maintaining a system's security posture. Unfortunately, many organizations couldn't keep up with the PSP deprecation work, so they simply stopped enforcing Pod-level security policies.
```

> The Giant Swarm Policy API began with a clear goal. Its first implementation helped our customers migrate automatically (where possible) from PSP to a feature-equivalent implementation of Pod Security Standards. This avoided any **policy enforcement coverage gaps** during the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first implementation of the Giant Swarm Policy API was created to help our customers migrate automatically (where possible) from PSP to a feature-equivalent implementation of Pod Security Standards. This avoided any policy enforcement coverage gaps during the migration.
```

We expect that Kubernetes and third-party tooling will continue to evolve. We can help our customers move faster if they're not directly tied to tool-specific interfaces that they don't actually want to manage.

> So we created the Policy API for two reasons. The first is to let Giant Swarm move clusters between policy implementations more **seamlessly and transparently**. The second is to reduce the overall toil of dealing with common security configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we created the Policy API for two reasons. The first is to let Giant Swarm move clusters between policy implementations more seamlessly and transparently. The second is to reduce the overall toil of dealing with common security configuration.
```
